G monster is it still the number one
stock to buy absolutely and part of the
reason is that the first half of 2013
Street earnings are down fourteen
percent in the back half we think they
can be up fifteen percent and so we're
really right now in front of this kind
of the turn the june quarter is probably
not going to be that great but as some
of these new products start to to roll
out in the back half of the year that's
the reason to own the stock and then on
top of that we have a high probability
that they're going to get some more cash
back to investors which is long overdue
right and that's where i want to pick up
on gene because Larry Howard E of gamco
was telling us yesterday we might get an
announcement before the second half of
the year if investors need to wait that
long for some kind of announcement does
that mean the stock is stuck in neutral
until then well I think that it's going
to be iller than that our expectation
would be the third week in April when
they report their march quarter when
they're going to raise the dividend it's
going to be a modest increase based on
the cash they generate from the US so
call it just over ten dollars now and it
goes to just over fourteen dollars in
terms of the actual stock though we
think that that's a positive a small
positive on the dividend side what's
probably going to be more important the
bigger question we get from investors is
fundamentally how Apple competing with
Samsung and how are they competing in
the low-end phone market and so I think
if investors feel to feel greater
confidence in the back half product
release schedule I think that's going to
be the big thing that's really going to
drive shares here over the next year so
when do we get that cheaper iPhone is
Apple going to bite I think that they
have to the timing on its still a little
bit of a black box our expectation are
that it's probably going to be in the
beginning of the December quarter so we
are expecting that this year we think
it's going to be in conjunction with
China Mobile which is the largest
carrier in the world and so the
combination of those two right make a
could be a big splash for them we love
this on bloomberg surveillance we got a
finance guy in gene munster of piper
jaffray and an academic on the brand
marketing of Apple and Scott Galloway
Scott Galloway when you look at Apple do
they diminish their brand with a cheaper
phone no I think Jean summed it up the
idea the cocktail of China Mobile one
and a half billion people 700 million
five hundred going to
100 million on the internet and a
reasonably priced iPhone that is a
gargantuan consumer proposition you
could have what could arguably be the
biggest launch in consumer electronics
history in terms of pickup and adoption
right if you come out with a
hundred-dollar our 200 ok you heard it
there from Scott Galloway Jean monster
when do we see that gargantuan
announcement I think it's probably in
the some time in a month of September
and then probably ships sometime in
september-october well when it comes to
a cheaper iPhone that doesn't reset the
bar in terms of innovation at Apple when
does Apple come out with a product that
disrupts technology and I watch for
instance something unthought-of before
we still think that there's a the chance
that they announced the TV in 2013
that's clearly in the works there's in
our opinion there's no question whether
it's a set-top box versus a TV it's an
actual TV that the timing again is is
what what is the the critical piece to
this but the TV's one area that we still
believe strongly and second as you
mentioned is wearable technology in the
iWatch that's probably sometime in 2014
so I think if you just take a step back
and look at the big picture the last six
months have not been very good for Apple
probably from kind of the June timeframe
through the beginning of 2014 it should
really pick up as far as the the pace of
innovation gene what is your framework
five and ten years out we simply seen
the stock come back to the trend line
before the Apple hysteria of the recent
months is this not going to be on that
trend line and a higher or can it revert
to the enthusiasm of 2011 2012 well I
think if you look over the five-year
period there's going to be ups and downs
I think that the big picture is this as
consumer technology has been only around
for 30 years if you think of the history
of time and really hasn't been a long
that been around that long and consumers
are going to spend more on technology
and obviously Apple as a pole position
within that and so the big opportunity
over the next two years is this low-end
phone market but beyond that there are
things that we can't even think about
and then will cannibalize the phone
market with wearable technologies the
watch we talked a lot about eventually
it's going to be glasses so I think that
it's very favorable if we kind of take a
five year 10-year window who knows
that's that's anybody's guess right